## C Program Standardization
- The C programming language was initially developed in AT & T labs by professor Brian W. Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie, known as K&R C.

- During the year 1970, 'C' programming became very popular but without any serious standardization to the language.

- The non-official standard was called K&R C, which led to many ambigous among different compiler programmers, and led to many ambiguities among diffrent compiler programmers, and that led to non-portable codes.

- K&R C was the first non-official 'C' standard.

- In 1989, American National Standards Institute(ANSI) designed and approved first official 'C' standard called X3.159-1989, and in 1990 it was approved by the ISO as an international standard for C programming language: ISO/IEC 9899:1990(This is also called ANSI or C89 or C90 standard in short).

- The language underwent a few more changes(addition of new features, syntaxes, data types, etc.) and newly updated standard released in 1999 under the ISO tag ISO/IEC 9899:1999 which is also called C99 standard in short.

- C11 is an informal name for ISO/IEC 9899:2011, which is a new standard approved in December 2011. C11 supercedes the C99 standard.

- We will be using the 'C11' standard with some compiler(GCC) extensions(gnu11).

## Compatibility
- If the code is written using the C90 standard, then it will compile without any issues in -std=C99 compilation(backward compatibility)

- If the code is written using C99 standard specific features, then it may not compile successfully in C90 compilation.
